Serenna Beers: Hello.
Hi.
Serenna Beers: Can you hear me.
Carol Hampton: Yeah, I can hear you. Can you hear me.
Serenna Beers: I can't hear you.
Okay.
Carol Hampton: I'll try to fix it here.
Serenna Beers: I can't hear you.
Carol Hampton: Okay, I'm working on it.
Serenna Beers: Are you there.
Carol Hampton: I am here. Yeah.
Serenna Beers: Can you hear me.
Carol Hampton: Yeah, I can hear you.
Serenna Beers: I can't hear you. Let me see.
Serenna Beers: Are you there.
Serenna Beers: I am I now I can hear you. That was weird. I apologize.
Carol Hampton: That's okay. Can you see me.
Serenna Beers: Yep, I sure can.
Carol Hampton: Oh, good. Okay.
Serenna Beers: Are you able to see me.
Carol Hampton: I do, but now I got my screen up in front of you.
Okay.
Carol Hampton: Now, I've been here.
Carol Hampton: Okay.
Carol Hampton: Can you see there you are.
Serenna Beers: Okay. My name is Serena. I'm one of the therapist over at bright heart health, and we need to get your bio psychosocial done
Serenna Beers: Just where I'm going to ask you, you know, a series of questions that should be pretty quick and painless and if you're ready. I'll go ahead and get started.
Serenna Beers: Go ahead. Alright.
Serenna Beers: So tell me, what brings you into treatment and why now.
Carol Hampton: Well, what brings me into treatment is um I have severe nerve damage.
Mm hmm.
Carol Hampton: And
Carol Hampton: So since I had that
Carol Hampton: Happen. I
Carol Hampton: You know, it's made on my gut come up, you know, from when I was growing up and stuff like that.
Serenna Beers: Sure.
Carol Hampton: I don't know what kind of a kind of got the feeling when I talked to Dr. Parker.
Serenna Beers: Mm hmm.
Carol Hampton: I talked about maybe the wrong thing. And the thing I didn't know if I should talk about things that had to do with my pain how my pain has changed my whole entire life.
Carol Hampton: And or does she wanna
Carol Hampton: You know,
Carol Hampton: Work on my past.
Carol Hampton: Because they kind of go hand in hand.
Serenna Beers: Sure they do.
Carol Hampton: You know, and my
Carol Hampton: You know my past is is horrible. And my
Carol Hampton: disappointing thing is so bad that you can't
Carol Hampton: Managing. It is really hard because it is so intensely bad and you know
Carol Hampton: All I can do is lay down the only way to make myself feel better and wait for it to pass.
Carol Hampton: Okay, and
Carol Hampton: Try and not think about the past, you know i i do my very best to not let that creep in.
Carol Hampton: And this is hard, but I did pretty good. I mean, I've been at it for 12 years you know and so i've been i've gotten good at it. So,
Serenna Beers: Good at not dealing with it.
Good.
Carol Hampton: Well, yeah.
Serenna Beers: Okay, I'm not so sure that's a good thing.
Carol Hampton: I was just tired. A cry.
Serenna Beers: You're well
Serenna Beers: So here, here's what I want to do. Let's get through your bio psychosocial and then I'd like to set up another appointment with you. I'm actually your therapist. I just looked
Serenna Beers: And I'm actually in EM Dr therapists. So by having you as my patient. It's kind of like I get to work with you. Anyway, there's no referral needed but em dr is good for trauma. Have you ever heard of it.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Serenna Beers: So, so I'll give you some I'll give you some light homework, when we're done with this, but I'm going to have you look it up.
Serenna Beers: And before I explain to you.
Serenna Beers: What it is and how it works. I want you to look it up yourself. And then when we meet next week at this time because we will keep this time, if this is if
Serenna Beers: This is good for you.
Serenna Beers: Then we can discuss making that a part of your, of your treatment plan but em, Dr. Ism is an evidence based practice that is used to treat post traumatic stress.
Serenna Beers: Also known as trauma. It sounds like you have a lot of childhood trauma and if, believe it or not, there is actually hope for that, that this is a wonderful tech technique, but again, I'm going to have you look it up. It's just, it's em like I movement desensitization reprocessing em dr.org
Serenna Beers: Call you look up
Okay.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, right. Write it down. And then when we meet
Serenna Beers: Next week we will talk about that. Okay.
Carol Hampton: Okay so script can use for
Serenna Beers: He has an eye like
Serenna Beers: A as an eyeball M as in Mary D as in dog ours and Robert dot o RG em dr.org
Serenna Beers: And your job is to look at the website kind of search a round so you understand what it is and then we will talk about
Serenna Beers: incorporating that into your treatment plan.
Carol Hampton: Okay.
Serenna Beers: Okay. How does that sound.
Carol Hampton: That sounds good.
Serenna Beers: Okay, great.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, okay.
Serenna Beers: So this is the easy session. I'm just going to ask you some questions and you're going to give me answers, just like you just
Serenna Beers: Started to now you brought up your chronic pain.
Serenna Beers: Tell me your story around substances. Do you have a history of substance abuse.
Carol Hampton: I don't have a history of substance abuse.
Serenna Beers: Is it more mental mental health.
Carol Hampton: Well,
Serenna Beers: Or is it just pain management.
Carol Hampton: Is it's pain management mostly
Carol Hampton: Mm hmm. One thing that I find myself getting kind of concerned about. Yeah. As sleep because I don't sleep.
Carol Hampton: And I'm finding that I'm looking for medicine.
Serenna Beers: Mm hmm.
Carol Hampton: To soy sleep. And so I'm trying. It's like during the day when I don't really need it.
Carol Hampton: Mm hmm. That the sleep helps me deal with my pain.
Carol Hampton: Okay, because I go to sleep. I'm not feeling it. No, I'm not feeling it i'm not i'm not dealing with it and it's Christmas so intense my pain.
Carol Hampton: Mm hmm. And we're trying to get under
Carol Hampton: You know, taking care of but it's real bad.
Serenna Beers: Are you currently on Suboxone
Serenna Beers: I are yes you buprenorphine. I think it's the generic name okay and and are you finding that that that's manageable with that.
Carol Hampton: Um,
Carol Hampton: It's not really working that great for me.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Serenna Beers: Have you spoken to the doctor about it is it Dr. Ella DAG. Yeah.
Carol Hampton: Okay, and I did talk to her, and she going to try
Carol Hampton: I take three eight milligrams a day so I take 24 milligrams
Carol Hampton: Can and then she was going to have me have a patch to
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Carol Hampton: A 20 milligram patch. Because what happens is when I do go to sleep and and just for, I don't know. It just needs that extra support.
Carol Hampton: Okay, and
Carol Hampton: She
Carol Hampton: was hoping to, you know, have the extra medicine kind of boost the other medicine. The 24 milligrams, but when I
Carol Hampton: My pharmacy.
Carol Hampton: Called insurance they told him that they didn't think that was a good idea.
Carol Hampton: That I take more
Carol Hampton: Because it's it's the patch of BUF
Carol Hampton: buprenorphine. Yeah.
Carol Hampton: Okay, and
Carol Hampton: They thought that wasn't a good idea. They record some recommended something to her and then I called them earlier today, and they're supposed to call me back then I have another close
Carol Hampton: The pharmacy and I haven't heard a word from them.
Carol Hampton: Okay, so
Carol Hampton: I don't know. They know
Serenna Beers: So when do you see Dr ELLA. Ella DAG again.
Carol Hampton: Tomorrow,
Serenna Beers: Okay, good. Yeah.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, good, good, good, good.
Serenna Beers: So with the chronic, chronic pain when what was the precipitating event. When did it start
Carol Hampton: Okay, started 12 years ago.
Serenna Beers: Mm hmm.
Carol Hampton: I had a hysterectomy, and the doctor. It was badge and all
Carol Hampton: And the doctor, he just basically he tells me. Oh, I really had a hard time getting your uterus up because it was so enlarged and it's like, oh, well, did you think, I mean, you did an examination.
Carol Hampton: Mm hmm. What happened, you know, why didn't you decide it was too big to come out eventually.
Carol Hampton: Right, and so that makes to me out. But he's, he, what happened was, is he passed away two weeks after the surgery.
Serenna Beers: Your gynecologist did
Serenna Beers: Yeah, okay.
And
Carol Hampton: It was 74 I kind of blame his
Carol Hampton: You know his luck. Good thinking, kind of on his age. This is like
Carol Hampton: He was trying to do too much.
Carol Hampton: Mm hmm. And yeah, he has his age, you know, kinda in the cupboard him.
Carol Hampton: Sure. So, you know, and now I'm living with this and I didn't go after him because
Carol Hampton: I'm not a I'm not a type to the left or someone for money and
Carol Hampton: I also thought that you know I did when I was in the first three years.
Carol Hampton: I didn't think
Carol Hampton: That I'd still be at it, you know.
Carol Hampton: At 1212 years later, you know,
Carol Hampton: So, so I didn't, I didn't. I had no idea.
Carol Hampton: I had gotten the doctors tell me what they think caused it. And, but they didn't say that this is really serious you you need to do something to help you and
Carol Hampton: You know, it was just kind of like
Carol Hampton: You know,
Carol Hampton: I, I just pinned it on them to tell me these things that it's bad enough for me to go after him.
Carol Hampton: Right and
Serenna Beers: I'm so sorry.
Serenna Beers: Um, and so, after the hysterectomy. That's, that's when the the nerve damage happened.
Carol Hampton: Okay, yeah, what happened is I had hysterectomies then
Carol Hampton: Oops, I hadn't nurse in the hysterectomy in November.
Carol Hampton: And then I had it started up
In February.
Carol Hampton: And that's when the scar tissue started growing
Carol Hampton: And so, wrapping itself around the hiss.
Carol Hampton: The dinners there.
Carol Hampton: Mm hmm. And you know what, for the prudential nerve, you know,
Carol Hampton: Which is a big nerve functioning nerve.
Carol Hampton: Mm hmm. Um, and it screwed me basically that's what I feel it's like it ruin my
Carol Hampton: Life. You know, I had
Carol Hampton: Plans that I wanted to do things I wanted to do. And now I can't do any of it. And I mean, I can only do some things is if everybody will tolerate me going, oh God, and laid out, you know, and just not really in the picture you know i mean i don't unless they absolutely love me or something.
Carol Hampton: So, oh no, we don't. You know, we won't. We don't want to lose care all she's too good. You
Know,
Carol Hampton: So,
Serenna Beers: I would imagine that you have some folks that are like that.
Carol Hampton: I do
Serenna Beers: Yeah.
Carol Hampton: Yeah, I do.
Carol Hampton: Good, yeah.
Serenna Beers: Um, tell me about growing up, or wait a minute, tell me if you have any prior history of mental health or substance abuse treatment.
Carol Hampton: No.
Serenna Beers: What about any history of suicidal ideation ever any hit history of homicidal ideation. Have you ever wanted to harm your, your, your yourself or another person.
Carol Hampton: Want to harm myself.
Carol Hampton: Think it was two years ago I got in a really bad flare up
Carol Hampton: Mm hmm of my pain.
Carol Hampton: And it was just beating me to death and
Carol Hampton: I wasn't in my head.
Carol Hampton: I was and I rational nice it, you know, I, oh, well, my daughter was pregnant, and she was close to birth time, you know, an honorable understand and in all just, you know, all be gone for sure I have pain and and then painting can kind of take my place and I rationalize doing it.
Carol Hampton: And
Carol Hampton: I did do I did my arm.
Carol Hampton: It was very, it was like the typical life it was
Carol Hampton: Serious
Serenna Beers: Like a surface cut
Serenna Beers: Yeah, okay.
And
Carol Hampton: So I did that. But that's as serious as I did not want to die.
Carol Hampton: I didn't want to die. I just want the pain to go away.
Serenna Beers: Okay, that makes sense. Um, well, what about growing up. What was your, your family life like did you live with your mom and I mean, what was it, Mom and Dad was it mom and step dad.
Serenna Beers: Dad and step mom, where were you, did you have any brothers and sisters are your parents were you, your parents to gather throughout your chat childhood.
Carol Hampton: Know my parents stay together until I was about 10
Carol Hampton: And they
Carol Hampton: They
Carol Hampton: My sister's my whole family was so toxic and so dysfunctional and
Carol Hampton: It was just, I had an older sister who love to harass me
Carol Hampton: And bully me
And
Carol Hampton: I literally had a list of how I would kick her ass.
Carol Hampton: Whenever she can
Serenna Beers: That's funny.
Serenna Beers: I think we all have a sibling where we felt that
Way.
Serenna Beers: My little sister has always been able to to kick mine. She, she's always been the tougher of the two
Serenna Beers: Yeah, whatever.
Yeah.
Serenna Beers: So what what you're saying. We have a saying in our family. It's kind of funny. I'm sure you've heard it. It's not anything new. But it's we put the fun and dysfunctional.
Carol Hampton: Yeah, that's good.
Serenna Beers: What about
Serenna Beers: Did anybody in your family store struggle with mental health or substances at all, or even food issues or gambling or sex addiction or workaholic.
Carol Hampton: No one, the thing that is right. That was a. He was a good dad.
Serenna Beers: Mm hmm.
Carol Hampton: Till he got in. He was a sergeant in the
Carol Hampton: The Air Force.
Serenna Beers: Mm hmm.
Carol Hampton: And he had PA PTSD.
Carol Hampton: Mm hmm. And
Carol Hampton: I kind of blame my. He was an alcoholic. But I kind of blame my mom for that, because every time he would hit the door from work. She was slap a drink in his hand, and
Carol Hampton: It was it just was not good, you know, and it was. I mean, you're, you're with the person there signs of addiction already. And then you hand them a drink all the time, and it's like not know she poured it on and
Carol Hampton: It's so messy and ugly. Oh, take a long, okay.
Serenna Beers: Well, and as you and I work together. We're probably gonna probably will have to peel it back like an onion, you know,
Carol Hampton: Yeah yeah
Serenna Beers: Um, what about what was school like for you. Did you finish school
Serenna Beers: Did you struggle with any learning disabilities.
Carol Hampton: Well, I didn't have learning disabilities. Um, I did. I dropped out at 11th grade.
Serenna Beers: Pain.
Carol Hampton: And then I will. I was out for a year.
Carol Hampton: But then I decided to go back to school and really put my all in it.
Carol Hampton: But it was
Carol Hampton: Continuation. Mm hmm. But it was, was I was was people had similar backgrounds.
Carol Hampton: Right and
Carol Hampton: So, but I made it through very well. I got a scholarship
Carol Hampton: For right. Yeah. Yeah. So thank you. I got that for writing journals. Yeah.
Carol Hampton: Unfortunately,
Carol Hampton: My mother beat the daylights out of me. The day before I went to take the
Carol Hampton: Tests, you know, where do we put in test and
Carol Hampton: I think she just sabotaging me. I hate to say, I hate to play a victim, but she just things she said were lights obvious. You know, and it's like
Carol Hampton: Why is he doing this to me.
Carol Hampton: Why aren't you
Carol Hampton: Oh sweetheart, you know, BIG TEST TOMORROW hugging me and so on and so forth. And then I went to test and it was so hard. It was like I just cried. It was like I couldn't do it because I wasn't prepared for that kind of test and I'm
Carol Hampton: Some I didn't do it. And I didn't pick up the scholarship. I just
Carol Hampton: You know, I ended up going to business call is a few years later, because I made a promise to myself and to God.
Carol Hampton: That I would
Carol Hampton: I would succeed, no matter what. And that excuse me I'm
Carol Hampton: You know, my family treated me really bad. They had the stain. They did was called make fun of Carol night.
Carol Hampton: And when I was so bad I when I ran to my room crying and I promised promised sky me that I would survive and no matter what. I wouldn't treat people bad
Carol Hampton: I wouldn't treat people like they're treating me. I've been I'm gonna succeed, no matter what.
Carol Hampton: And oh,
Carol Hampton: Yeah, it was a pivotal moment in my life. They say you have a day. It's five pivotal moments.
Carol Hampton: In your life and that was
Carol Hampton: Probably my first
Carol Hampton: So,
Carol Hampton: Why I did that and and I never forgot it. You know, I mean,
Serenna Beers: What would you say that that would be the event that stood out growing, growing up for you.
Carol Hampton: Yeah.
Okay.
Serenna Beers: Um, what about. Have you ever served in the military.
Carol Hampton: No.
Serenna Beers: Do you have any financial or legal issues that you're concerned about
Serenna Beers: Okay. Are you in a relationship.
Carol Hampton: Yeah, I'm married.
Serenna Beers: Okay, do you have any kids. I know you actually are going to answer yes, but I just, I said that, like, you know, I'm just saying or asking you questions.
Serenna Beers: Even though you said that you did, how I how many
Serenna Beers: True. Okay. And he is it just you and your
Serenna Beers: Husband that lived to gather
Carol Hampton: My house when my daughter.
Carol Hampton: Was here because she's
Carol Hampton: It's expensive out there and she doesn't make enough money to you know make them to make it on her own. Yeah.
Carol Hampton: Yeah, and
Carol Hampton: So,
Carol Hampton: It's in there. She has a baby to to boot. And I keep telling her about all these programs that they have for single moms and they have where if you
Carol Hampton: Know you're in a job that isn't
Carol Hampton: Going to move you forward that they actually will retrain you and
Serenna Beers: That that's really awesome huh
Carol Hampton: And so I keep kind of encouraging her
Carol Hampton: To check into these things so I because I want her to, you know, succeed and do all that.
Mm hmm.
Serenna Beers: Well yeah, I mean, that's probably that I would imagine.
Serenna Beers: For being mom that you want to make sure that you see her go down the right path because
Serenna Beers: One, it's a scary world that we live in now. Nowadays, and you know, there's too many
Serenna Beers: It's just I i get you're you're wanting her to do something good for good for herself. And I think that that's important and it is expensive out out there and be an issue a single mom.
Carol Hampton: Yes, yeah.
Serenna Beers: Okay, so that even makes it even tougher for her.
Yeah.
Serenna Beers: So, yeah. Um, let's see. I don't think I have any more questions for you. But what I do want to do is, like I said I would really love to get you on my schedule. So why don't we plan on this time for next Wednesday at five o'clock.
Serenna Beers: And I will let
Serenna Beers: Scheduling know to get you on my calendar for next week.
Serenna Beers: All right. Does that sound like a plan.
Carol Hampton: Sounds like a plan.
Serenna Beers: And until then you're going to do your own work on looking at em dr.org
Serenna Beers: I mean, yes, D.
Serenna Beers: E and D r.org and then hopefully your medicine, your
Serenna Beers: Your medicine issue will be resolved with the doctor.
Serenna Beers: Okay, yeah. Hope for Tomorrow. So, all right.
Carol Hampton: Okay.
Serenna Beers: So you. Hey, hang on. Up until then, and I look forward to seeing you next Wednesday.
Carol Hampton: Okay, great. Okay.
Serenna Beers: All right. Thank you, Carol.
Serenna Beers: Okay, bye bye bye